Update anonymize records steps for containerization (#5183)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_anonymizing-audit-records.adoc

.Procedure
* Use the `foreman-rake audits:anonymize` command to remove any user account or IP information while maintaining the audit records in the database.
ifdef::containerized[]

> Specify the number of days to keep the audit records in the *days* option.

Reviewer: Any reason to deviate from the wording in line 19? "in the days option" sounds slightly off to me.

Author: I think I originally changed it because I wanted to emphasize that the stated number is a part of the operation. After reviewing your comment though, I see how the change adds more ambiguity than it was trying to fix, so I am fine with `"Specify the number of days to keep the audit records by adding the *days* option and add the number of days."`

Author: ```suggestion
Specify the number of days to keep the audit records by adding the *days* option and add the number of days.
```
